I wake up with Bowen gym every morning I
hear you baby loud and clear all right
Ron white and Alex Reymundo in Gaza now
this is where you got your start was in
what North Texas here right welcome
funnybone right the first time that Ron
ever decided to do amateur comedy he
walked into that room and before he
walked to the stage he needed some
courage and he went to the bar as for uh
I needed a drink
I was courageous already about to crap
my pants
because I when I would watch blue collar
TV sometimes and and you guys would all
be up there showing old pictures of each
other there was some good ones of you
right Polly has to win answer I've
always said Steve your best even I've
been friends we were six years old man
kangaroo over there what up the but I've
always been a closed doors even when I
made no money real I would I would
dedicate 20 percent of my money to
upgrade my wardrobe because it was the
disco air I didn't had a nice you know
shirts and I wanted to go dancing in the
clubs and Steve always dressed like that
except didn't it was not a shirt on
either one who's got laid so he was yeah
yeah you have Comedy Central special
behavioral problems now are these your
behavioral problems or other people's
behavioral problems in this particular
show we pretty much focus on mine one of
those actually have matching and Steve
also that's what keeps us all linked up
we don't even have to ask him questions
I know the answer to anything I would
have that's why we don't talk years ago
Ron and I decided that we should date
because we are the perfect couple
because we like the same things whenever
we never fight I don't care if he gets
handsome
so it's an open relationship is what
you're saying you know what long time
ago when we first started this thing we
wouldn't work together and sometimes we
wouldn't and then when we would get back
together in Arlington we would basically
confess our sins to each other like well
I did this and you go well I did that
you gotta go well look at this picture
you go look at this video it was more
bragging the safest you're trying to one
up each other's what you're doing but we
felt better when we were good that's
good let's me father Frank Ron is that
you again well keep your behavioral
problems in check as done by the way
done Alex you're coming back after after
tonight I am sad is dumping me off just
for an evening just for an evening so
for shows this weekend at that majestic
theatre with Ron but then I'm going to
come back two hyenas in Arlington where
it all started on the 19th and I'm gonna
have a great night there one night only
and Eric Knutson who you guys oh yeah my
DVDs mannequin also did the music to
Ron's new behavior problem right his
band is gonna Jam after the show yeah
parents gonna be a party yeah April 19th
and house long sad is just a blast you
know so
everybody might not be as familiar with
Alex but he's a very common
oh we noticed why why no you do oh I'm
talking to you talk me into doing this
and the rest is comedic history and our
original tour but anyway go see your DVD
and CD is sorry we always take care of
you we'll give him a couple of t-shirts
you can sleep in what do you say guys
alright Ron White ba ba ba ba
and Alex lemons oh I'm glad you may rot
oh yeah I appreciate you coming in
thanks appreciate your support
throughout the years you got Sarah Palin
to me that's where we came in your
family you know that Yeah right all
right good deal and the shows are sold
out did I hear that we might have
another parent one more pair one more
pair of tickets yeah
we'll do that one tell those in Ron's
purse that's right we have we have seven
eighths of a ticket that we're
hurry because I might eat it with a
Apple
thank you guys real French coming in
love the morning chef who sounds
sensitive whoa and Jim